# CS360

Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?: The requirements of this application were to create a weight tracker app that gives the user the ability to enter daily weights, update weight entries, and delete entries. It needed to store all of this information in a database that is linked to the user's individual login information. It also gives the user the ability to enter a goal weight and notify them once they've acheived this goal. The user need addressed here was the need to keep track of their weight for the purposes of either weight loss, weight gain, or weight maintenance.

What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful? This app needed to include a login screen, a sign up screen, and the main app screen with the grid of all of their weights. This kept users in mind by keeping it simple and everything all in once place on the main grid screen. The design was successful because the user is able to acheive all functionality from a single screen and 2 dialog boxes that can be accessed from that screen.

How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future? After getting lost in my code a few times, the technique/strategy I began to employ was to break everything into very small steps possible and code things little by little and one by one.

How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal? I tested by using the Google Pixel 3a emulator. It's very easy to lose track of where a bug in the code might be unless you test very often. So I wound up testing after every single change I made to the code. This made troubleshooting much easier than it would've been otherwise.

Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge? My challenges came up most often in working with the database. I didn't so much innovate as I did search the internet for solutions and keep trying and plugging away at things until I finally acheived what I wanted to and got the code working as intended.

In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience? There are several parts of the application that work, but don't work quite as well as intended because there are so many moving pieces and troubleshooting can be difficult with a lot of moving pieces. But one thing that works really well in my application is the signup and login process. It's a simple table and everything works exactly as intended.
